tunnel example, mention built in (#8383)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/javascript/common/troubleshooting/index.mdx

Once configured, all events will be sent to the `/tunnel` endpoint. This solution, however, requires an additional configuration on the server, as the events now need to be parsed and redirected to Sentry. Here's an example for your server component:

```csharp

> // This functionality is built-in to the Sentry.AspNetCore package.
> // https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dotnet/guides/aspnetcore/#tunnel
> 
> // It basically works similar to this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// This functionality is now built-in to the Sentry.AspNetCore package.
// See https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/dotnet/guides/aspnetcore/#tunnel
// docs for more information.

// This example shows how you could implement it yourself:
```
